Generic LLM Configuration Support (#147)
oracle/agent-spec: docs/pyagentspec/source/howtoguides/howto_llm_from_different_providers.rst

API Reference: :ref:`LlmConfig <llmconfig>`, :ref:`RetryPolicy <retrypolicy>`

LlmConfig (Generic)
====================

``LlmConfig`` can be used directly to describe any LLM without requiring a provider-specific subclass.
This is useful when you want to describe an LLM from a provider that does not have a dedicated configuration class,
or when you want a simple, portable configuration.

**Parameters**

.. option:: model_id: str

  Name of the model to use.

.. option:: provider: str, null

  The model provider, i.e. who made the model (e.g. ``"openai"``, ``"meta"``, ``"anthropic"``, ``"cohere"``).

.. option:: api_provider: str, null

  The API provider, i.e. who serves the API (e.g. ``"openai"``, ``"oci"``, ``"vllm"``, ``"ollama"``, ``"aws_bedrock"``, ``"vertex_ai"``).

.. option:: api_type: str, null

>   The wire protocol to use (e.g. ``"chat_completions"``, ``"responses"``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The API format to use to interact with the LLM (e.g. ``"chat_completions"``, ``"responses"``).
```
